AUNF Mini-Canister Example Case (#410)
idaholab/TMAP8: doc/content/examples/index.md

A series of sensitivity studies were performed on the [Divertor Monoblock](examples/divertor_monoblock/index.md) model including:  (1) steady-pulse operation, (2) a shutdown transient, and (3) a ELM transient [Divertor Monoblock Sensitivity](divertor_monoblock/sensitivity.md).

## [Pore-Scale Tritium Transport in Imported Microstructures](examples/pore_scale_transport/index.md)

This example demonstrates TMAP8's capability to (1) generate pore structures from input images,
and (2) perform pore-scale simulations of tritium transport on these pore structures based on the model described in [!cite](Simon2022).
This example highlights the effect of pore interconnectivity on tritium transport.

## [Hydrogen Transport in Aluminum-clad Used Nuclear Fuel Mini-Canister Storage Devices](examples/mini_canister/index.md)

> This example demonstrates TMAP8's capability to model hydrogen transport and permeation through multiple materials. This example highlights the use of TMAP-specific interface kernels and boundary conditions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example demonstrates TMAP8's capability to model hydrogen transport and permeation through a canister. This example highlights the use of TMAP-specific interface kernels and boundary conditions.
```
